Update contributing.md with change log writing guide. (#660)
primer/view_components: docs/content/contributing.md

0. Make sure the tests pass on your machine
0. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
0. Make your change, add tests, and make sure the tests still pass

> 0. Add an entry to the top of `CHANGELOG.md` for your change. Follow our [writing guideline](https://primer.style/view-components/contributing#writing-changes-in-changelog.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Add an entry to the top of `CHANGELOG.md` for your change, [under the appropriate heading](https://primer.style/view-components/contributing#writing-changes-in-changelog.md)
```

1. Run `script/release` and follow the instructions.
1. Once your release PR has been approved and merged, run `script/publish`. You may be prompted to log into your rubygem and npm account.
1. Lastly, draft a new release from the [releases page](https://github.com/primer/view_components/releases). The tag version should be updated to the newest version. The description should be updated to the relevant CHANGELOG descriptions. Press the `Publish release` button and you're good to go!

## Writing changes in CHANGELOG.MD
This file holds all the changes made in previous versions of Primer View Components and the ones coming to the next version.

To add yours, you need to find in which category to write it under the `main` section. `Main` is the first section on top of the document.

> There are three categories currently in use, `Updates`, `Breaking changes` and `Misc`.

Reviewer 2: I'd add `New` and `Deprecations` too

> There are three categories currently in use, `Updates`, `Breaking changes` and `Misc`.

Author: What about bug fixes?

1. Run `script/release` and follow the instructions.
1. Once your release PR has been approved and merged, run `script/publish`. You may be prompted to log into your rubygem and npm account.
1. Lastly, draft a new release from the [releases page](https://github.com/primer/view_components/releases). The tag version should be updated to the newest version. The description should be updated to the relevant CHANGELOG descriptions. Press the `Publish release` button and you're good to go!

> ## Writing changes in CHANGELOG.MD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authoring changelog entries
```

> This file holds all the changes made in previous versions of Primer View Components and the ones coming to the next version.

Reviewer: What do you think about putting these guidelines in an HTML comment at the top of the changelog?

Author: Better seeing them twice than never! So yeah, good point :)

As an HTML comment on the Markdown file itself right?

Reviewer: Right!

I think we could probably remove these guidelines from here at that point.

Author: Yeah, I removed it from the contributing doc to not have to maintain it in two different places.
